1. 
Cover Page
The cover page should include all general information about the student, the hosting company,
the supervisor, etc. This includes: 
-
The name of the University, the College 
and the Department
Name of the hosting organization
Name and designation of immediate supervisor in the hosting organization
Duration/period of the inte
rnship
Submission date
2. 
The preliminary pages take the following sequence which involves some or all of the
following parts:
Declaration of the student and the approval of the mentor and the supervisor 
-
one page
Executive Summary
Acknowledgement \(If any\
List of acronyms
List of tables and figures \(if any\
Table of contents \(includes chapter and subchapter titles as well as the respective page
numbers\
3. 
Introduction
The introduction part of the internship report must incl
ude the following detail information of
Background of the organization/company
Vision and Mission of the organization or company
Main products or services of the organization or
company
Main customers or the end users of its products or services
Organizational structure
Work flows
4. Overall internship experience and your specific work, including:
Why do you select this company? \(If you selected by yourself\
In which se
ction of the company, you have been working and why?
What does the work flow in this section look like?
Which work piece or work tasks you have been executing?
What technical knowledge and skills from your course work were beneficial for your
assignm
ent?
What types of programming language, methods, tools and techniques you have used from
course work while performing your work tasks?
What major challenges and problems you have faced with while performing your work
tasks?
What measures you have ta
ken \(propose as a solution for the selected problems\r
to overcome thes
e challenges and problems, etc.
5. How and why your project is selected and worked out \(based on identified problem\:
Project title &amp; short summery of the project
Problem statement &amp; Justification
Objective of the project
Methodology
Literature review \(related to your specific work/problem\
Result &amp; Discussion
What type of recommendations have you made regarding to the identified problems?
6. Ben
efits you gained from the internship and reflection, including:
What you gained in terms of improving your practical skills?
What you gained in terms of upgrading your theoretical knowledge?
What you gained in terms of improving industrial problem
-
so
lving capability?
What you gained in terms of improving your team playing skills?
What you gained in terms of improving your leadership skills?
What you gained in terms of understanding about work ethics issues, industrial
psychology and related issu
es?
What you gained in terms of entrepreneurship skills?
What you gained in terms of improving your interpersonal communication skills?
How did this internship fit your career goals?
Did your career goals change as a result of this internship exper
ience?
Discuss your feelings about the value of this internship.
What challenges have you faced during the internship?
Discuss your strengths and areas for improvement as self
-
evaluation.
7. Conclusion and Recommendations
This section of your report 
includes the following points:
Overall conclusion.
Your recommendation regarding the hosting company. Should we consider the company
for future student placement?
Your recommendation for improving the internship.
8. References \(including company documents and reports\
9. Appendices \(if any\